There's a couple of other interesting things I want to show you with the name property for functions
so what we'll do is we will comment out the first function called do something and we'll comment out
the second console log.
And then we'll change the name of the variable to do something.
And then after that instead of having an anonymous function I'm going to give it a name of do something
else.
Now if we print out the variable that we assign it to do something not name you can see that the name
of the function property is actually do something else.
So in other words whenever I use a named function expression that's going to take precedence over the
variable that I assign it to knows a couple of other interesting things to be observed first.
If I make an objects we'll just do curly braces and we'll make a get.
So we'll do it better we'll do get.
And then first name like so and then inside of here we're just going to return something.
We can do any name.
Dante is good.
Why not.
Then after that we'll make a good old fashion method.
So do a greet and we'll set it equal to function like so.
Now we're just counseled.
Hello or hell either one.
Now with that being said next thing we can do is we can obviously counseled low boby J dog greets dot
name if I can spell name correctly and you're going to see that the name of the method is actually Greek
because it's being interpreted on the object literal.
Now to get access or to retrieve getters and setters we have to do a little more work.
So we're going to make a variable and we'll call it descriptor and we'll say let's say Object get own
property descriptor here we pass in the object and the name of the thing we'd like to retrieve in this
case.
Then after that we can cancel the log descriptor dog get and then die name like so.
And now you can see it shows us get and then first name.
So it does give us a little extra information about this particular method and it would also do the
same for a setter so in this case it would show set.
And then first name.